hello everyone welcome to another video
from green man leather dot CA we're
moving right along to our next impact
weapon these are called the paddle saps
amazing design again once using the 5
millimeter thick steel plating we find
that the sleeker design is easier to
conceal but also maintains the form of
the SAP this is the paddle pal
small version six inches in length 2
inches at its widest part it's got a
very thick belt leather strap that fits
just around your knuckles and you're
ready to go with your impact you've got
roughly 4 inches from where your thumb
is resting and again very slim design
this one is the larger paddle pal it is
hefty it is robust it is brawny 7 and
3/4 in length and three inches at its
widest part no one is gonna mess with
you using this model again we use the
finest leather out there on the market
to wet form around the leather the steel
plate the leather is then hand-sewn all
around the seams all of our items are
hand made custom ordered and were able
to emboss any type of leather design
that you wish to personalize this
product for you we found that this item
in particular was very popular among
truckers ideally at the small one fits
in the pocket able to pull out at a
moment's notice we've been making Jack's
apps for roughly 5 years now and there's
been a huge overwhelming response for
custom handmade products so if you order
one of these saps from us not only is a
custom each for you by taking a
measurement of your your hand in order
to make the the strap fit you
specifically
all of our PSAPs are warrantied for one
year against any defects you know
there's a warranty against the stitching
but these saps are made the last they
they speak for themselves any questions
feel free to email me at through the
website green man leather and dot CA